VENDING MACHINE TESTING EXERCISE
Below is a series of User Stories that relate to an internet-connected snack vending machine. A User Story is simply a description of a product feature written from a user's point of view in language that both users and software developers can understand.
For each Story, provide a list of test Scenarios you would run to prove that the requirements are being met. We'd prefer the Scenarios to be in Gherkin syntax (Given, When, Then), but any style you are comfortable with is acceptable.
Also, if the Story has any ambiguities or omissions, list the questions you would ask in order to resolve them.
1. As a Customer, I want to be able to pay for products using either British or Euro coins
All British and Euro coins are accepted
As coins are entered, the total credit value is updated on the display screen
Mixed currency is not accepted; the first coin of the second currency entered does not contribute to the credit value and is returned to the Customer (with an explanatory message on the display screen)
2. As a coin-paying Customer, I want to be able to receive more than one product in one transaction
After a purchase, the Customer's remaining credit is displayed on screen
The customer can either select a further item or request the credit to be returned as change
3. As a coin-paying Customer, when I request change, the money is returned to me in the smallest number of coins possible
When change is dispensed, it is returned in the smallest number of coins; this will depend on the amount due and the stock of coins in the machine at that time
The customer is notified how much change was returned via the display screen
4. As a Customer, I want to be able to pay for products using contactless credit card and Apple Pay
The machine will debit the Customer's credit card/bank account with the value of the selected product
5. As a Service Operative, I want the machine to notify me of significant stock/error events
The machine emails designated operative(s) when:
An item reaches a low stock level (configurable per item)
An item goes out of stock
The machine temperature goes above or below a (configurable) range
The machine develops a fault